---
title: Pull Request
slug: Pull Request
description: 介绍主要功能
url: "contribution/pull-request"
aliases:
- "/contribution/pull-request"
---


<p align="left">
    <a href="/contribution/pull-request-zh">中文</a>&nbsp ｜ &nbsp<a>English&nbsp </a>
</p>


## Contribution

### Pre-Checklist
- First, confirm whether you have checked the document, issue, discussion (GitHub features), or other publicly available documentation.
- Find the GitHub issue you want to address. If none exists, create an issue or draft PR and ask a Maintainer for a check
- Check for related, similar, or duplicate pull requests
- Create a draft pull request
- Complete the PR template for the description
- Link any GitHub issue(s) that are resolved by your PR

### Description

A description of the PR should be articulated in concise language, highlighting the work completed by the PR. See specific standards at[Commit Format Specification](#Commit-Format-Specification)

### Related Issue
#xx if has

### Test Code with Result
Please provide relevant test code when necessary.



## Commit Format Specification
A commit consists of a "title" and a "body." The title should generally be in lowercase, while the first letter of the body should be uppercase.

### Title
The title of the commit message: `[<type>](<scope>) <subject> (#pr)`


### Type - Available Options

本次提交的类型，限定在以下类型（全小写）
- fix: Bug fixes
- feature: New features
- feature-wip: Features that are currently in development, such as partial code for a function.
- improvement: Optimizations and improvements to existing features
- style: Adjustments to code style
- typo: Typographical errors in code or documentation
- refactor: Code refactoring (without changing functionality)
- performance/optimize: Performance optimization
- test: Addition or fix of unit tests
- deps: Modifications to third-party dependencies
- community: Community-related changes, such as modifying Github Issue templates, etc.

Please note:

If multiple types occur in one commit, add multiple types.

If code refactoring leads to performance improvement, both [refactor][optimize] can be added.

Other types not listed above should not appear. If necessary, new types must be added to this document.

### Scope - Available Options
The scope of the modules involved in the current submission. Due to the multitude of functional modules, only a few are listed here, and this list will be updated continuously based on needs.

For example, using a chatbot framework:
connector
codechat
sandbox
...

Please note:

Try to use options that are already listed. If you need to add new ones, please update this document promptly.

### Subject Content
The title should clearly indicate the main content of the current submission.

For Example
`[feature](coagent)<增加antflow兼容和增加coagent demo>`
## Example
comming soon


## Reference
[doris-commit-format](https://doris.apache.org/zh-CN/community/how-to-contribute/commit-format-specification)